[Docs] Remove all CSS classes with suffix `_outer` (#462)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/assets.md

To overwrite any global CSS properties of existing components, target the right CSS property and place your CSS files in the `assets` folder. This will overwrite any existing defaults for that CSS property.
For reference, see the [Vizro CSS files](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/tree/main/vizro-core/src/vizro/static/css).

CSS properties will be applied with the last served file taking precedence. The order of serving is:

1. Dash built-in stylesheets
2. Vizro built-in stylesheets
3. User assets folder stylesheets

Within each of these categories, individual files are served in alphanumeric order.

> 

Author: Let me remove it to the bottom then. I wouldn't remove it just yet, because it does become relevant when it comes to CSS specificity. That would fit well into our separate "Intro to CSS page with commonly asked questions" that does not exist yet 😄

## Overwrite CSS properties in selective components

> To adjust CSS properties for specific components, like altering the appearance of a selected [Card][vizro.models.Card] rather than all Cards,
> you'll need to target the correct CSS selector based on the component hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust CSS properties for specific components, like altering the appearance of a selected [`Card`][vizro.models.Card] rather than all `Card`s,
you need to use a CSS selector that targets the right component.
```

If you're unfamiliar with CSS selectors, you can refer to this [tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_selectors/Selector_structure) for guidance.

Here's how you can do it:

1. Assign a unique `id` to the relevant `Card`, for example: `Card(id="custom-card", ...)`

> 2. Review the component's source code to find the appropriate CSS class or element you need to target.

Reviewer: I think this needs a bit more explanation even if it's just a link to a tutorial or an example of how to do it in Chrome (maybe https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4500572/how-can-i-get-the-css-selector-in-chrome?). Currently it's not clear that you should even look at the source code of the page in your browser rather than the Python source code for `vm.Card`.

Reviewer: Or are you actually recommending that the user looks at our Python source? Now I'm not even sure 😅

Author: Take a look now and let me know what you think: https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/462/commits/997184fd2da64054e39b4bb598323fe1b502e1e0

A more thorough explanation on how to inspect the console with the Chrome devtools  etc. I would leave for a separate PR

It's essential to understand the relationship between the targeted CSS class or element and the component assigned the `id`, for example:

* The `id` is provided to the `dcc.Markdown` component inside the `Card`.
* The `dcc.Markdown` component is wrapped inside a parent container with the class name `"card"`.
* The card text is wrapped inside a `<p>` element that is a child of the `dcc.Markdown` component.

For instance, if you want to change the background color of a specific card, you need to target the parent
HTML element with the CSS class `card`. If you want to change the font color, you need to target the `<p>` elements,

> which are children of the `dcc.Markdown` with the `id`.

Reviewer: I think this is confusing because it's mixing the HTML tags with the underlying dash components. If someone looks at the Python source code then they will just see `dcc.Markdown` with no `<p>` anywhere. And if they look at the HTML source there's just HTML elements with nothing to do with `dcc.Markdown` there. 

I think somehow we need to make clear the following (doesn't have to all be done in this PR; probably will make more sense when we split this page up like we discussed the other day):
* some components generate a single HTML element with `id` corresponding to the model iD, so target directly with `#id` selector in CSS
* some components generate multiple HTML elements
  * "core" element will be a single HTML element with `id` corresponding to the model iD, so target direectly with `#id` selector in CSS
  * non-core element doesn't have an `id` explicitly, so target with some more complicated CSS selector involving `#id`
* in all cases you can work out what the right selector is by using Chrome dev tools or similar after you've set the appropriate model ID

Since CSS customisations are really frontend changes I think users should understand how to make the changes by looking at the HTML source rather than the Python source, in which case the fact that we have a `dcc.Markdown` is basically irrelevant and potentially confusing top mention, because it doesn't generate `<markdown>` HTML element.

## Overwrite CSS properties in selective components
To adjust CSS properties for specific components, like altering the appearance of a selected [`Card`][vizro.models.Card] rather than all `Card`s,
you need to use a CSS selector that targets the right CSS property.
If you're unfamiliar with CSS selectors, you can refer to this [tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_selectors/Selector_structure) for guidance.

Let's say we want to change the background and font-color of a specific `Card`.

Here's how you can do it:

1. Assign a unique `id` to the relevant `Card`, for example: `Card(id="custom-card", ...)`

> 2. Review the HTML document structure in your browser to find the appropriate CSS class or element you need to target.
> We recommend using the [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/) to do that.
> For guidance on how to get the CSS selector in Chrome, see this [thread](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4500572/how-can-i-get-the-css-selector-in-chrome).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run your dashboard and open it in your browser
3. View the HTML source to find the appropriate CSS class or element you need to target. For example, if you inspect a page with [Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/) then you can [directly copy the CSS selector](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4500572/how-can-i-get-the-css-selector-in-chrome).
```

It's essential to understand the relationship between the targeted CSS class or element and the component assigned the `id`, for example:

<!-- vale off -->

> ```python title="HTML structure of a `Card`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```html title="HTML structure of a `Card`"
```

> <div class="card card">

Reviewer: Is `card card` meant to be repeated? 🤔

Author: No 😄 One comes automatically from the dbc component, the other one we added. I've removed it now: https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/462/commits/a0e903e14ce01a1eef3a21403398659671ba4bb3

    <div id="custom-card">
        <p>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit.</p>
    </div>
</div>
```
<!-- vale on -->

> * **Main element with `id`:** There is a `<div>` with our `id = custom-card`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Main element with `id`:** There is a `<div>` with our `id="custom-card"`.
```
